docs/classes/interface-mqttconnectionnotify.md, before:

# interface MQTTConnectionNotify

A user notify interface to create an event-based client class for your
MQTT connections. It can implement any of the methods below.

## Public methods

#### on\_connect

```pony
fun ref on_connect(conn: MQTTConnection ref) =>
```

Triggered when a connection with the server is successful.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md).

#### on\_message

```pony
fun ref on_message(conn: MQTTConnection ref, packet: MQTTPacket) =>
```

Triggered when a message from the server is received.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md),
and the corresponding
[message](//classes/class-mqttpacket.md).

#### on\_publish

```pony
fun ref on_publish(conn: MQTTConnection ref, packet: MQTTPacket) =>
```

Triggered when a packet sent from this client is successfully acknowledged by
the server \(following the QoS specifications\).
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md),
and the corresponding
[message](//classes/class-mqttpacket.md).

#### on\_subscribe

```pony
fun ref on_subscribe(conn: MQTTConnection ref, topic: String, qos: U8) =>
```

Triggered when the server acknowledges a subscription to a topic.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md),
the corresponding topic and the associated QoS of the subscription.

#### on\_unsubscribe

```pony
fun ref on_unsubscribe(conn: MQTTConnection ref, topic: String) =>
```

Triggered when the server acknowledges a subscription to a topic.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md),
and the corresponding topic.

#### on\_ping

```pony
fun ref on_ping(conn: MQTTConnection ref) =>
```

Triggered when a ping request is replied \(as part of the keepalive policy\).
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md).

#### on\_disconnect

```pony
fun ref on_disconnect(conn: MQTTConnection ref) =>
```

Triggered when the connection to the server is closed by the user.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md).

When disconnected, packets and subscriptions should no longer be sent, and
session data should be assumed as lost.

#### on\_error

```pony
fun ref on_error(conn: MQTTConnection ref, message: String) =>
```

Triggered when an error has occured.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md).

Some errors may result in the connection to the server being closed afterwards.
Errors include, but are not limited to:

* Invalid actions, such as connecting to an already connected server, or
disconnecting/publishing/subscribing when the connection is closed.

* Unreachable host.

* Invalid topics when publishing a packet.

* Connection closed by the server.

* Incorrect connection settings.

* Unexpected package format from the server.

Commit message:

Force user to implement on_connect()

docs/classes/interface-mqttconnectionnotify.md, after:

# interface MQTTConnectionNotify

A user notify interface to create an event-based client class for your
MQTT connections. It should implement the `on_connect()` and any others
of the methods below.

## Public methods

#### on\_connect

```pony
fun ref on_connect(conn: MQTTConnection ref) =>
```

Triggered when a connection with the server is successful.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md).

This method **must** be implemented by your class.

#### on\_message

```pony
fun ref on_message(conn: MQTTConnection ref, packet: MQTTPacket) =>
```

Triggered when a message from the server is received.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md),
and the corresponding
[message](//classes/class-mqttpacket.md).

#### on\_publish

```pony
fun ref on_publish(conn: MQTTConnection ref, packet: MQTTPacket) =>
```

Triggered when a packet sent from this client is successfully acknowledged by
the server \(following the QoS specifications\).
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md),
and the corresponding
[message](//classes/class-mqttpacket.md).

#### on\_subscribe

```pony
fun ref on_subscribe(conn: MQTTConnection ref, topic: String, qos: U8) =>
```

Triggered when the server acknowledges a subscription to a topic.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md),
the corresponding topic and the associated QoS of the subscription.

#### on\_unsubscribe

```pony
fun ref on_unsubscribe(conn: MQTTConnection ref, topic: String) =>
```

Triggered when the server acknowledges a subscription to a topic.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md),
and the corresponding topic.

#### on\_ping

```pony
fun ref on_ping(conn: MQTTConnection ref) =>
```

Triggered when a ping request is replied \(as part of the keepalive policy\).
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md).

#### on\_disconnect

```pony
fun ref on_disconnect(conn: MQTTConnection ref) =>
```

Triggered when the connection to the server is closed by the user.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md).

When disconnected, packets and subscriptions should no longer be sent, and
session data should be assumed as lost.

#### on\_error

```pony
fun ref on_error(conn: MQTTConnection ref, message: String) =>
```

Triggered when an error has occured.
Receives the
[connection instance](//classes/actor-mqttconnection.md).

Some errors may result in the connection to the server being closed afterwards.
Errors include, but are not limited to:

* Invalid actions, such as connecting to an already connected server, or
disconnecting/publishing/subscribing when the connection is closed.

* Unreachable host.

* Invalid topics when publishing a packet.

* Connection closed by the server.

* Incorrect connection settings.

* Unexpected package format from the server.
